feat: add C implementation for `stats/base/dists/bernoulli/cdf` (#3962)
stdlib-js/stdlib: lib/node_modules/@stdlib/stats/base/dists/bernoulli/cdf/README.md

<!-- /.examples -->

<!-- C interface documentation. -->

* * *

<section class="c">

## C APIs

<!-- Section to include introductory text. Make sure to keep an empty line after the intro `section` element and another before the `/section` close. -->

<section class="intro">

</section>

<!-- /.intro -->

<!-- C usage documentation. -->

<section class="usage">

### Usage

```c
#include "stdlib/stats/base/dists/bernoulli/cdf.h"
```

#### stdlib_base_dists_bernoulli_cdf( x, p )

> Returns a function for evaluating the [cumulative distribution function][cdf] of a [Bernoulli][bernoulli-distribution] distribution with success probability `p`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Evaluates the [cumulative distribution function][cdf] for a [Bernoulli][bernoulli-distribution] distribution with success probability `p`.
```
